Stephen William Hawking (8 January 1942 - 14 March 2018) was an English theoretical physicist, cosmologist, and author who, at the time of his death, was director of research at the Centre for Theoretical Cosmology at the University of Cambridge. Stephen Hawking, in full Stephen William Hawking, (born January 8, 1942, Oxford, Oxfordshire, England—died March 14, 2018, Cambridge, Cambridgeshire), English theoretical physicist whose theory of exploding black holes drew upon both relativity theory and quantum mechanics. He also worked with space-time singularities. Stephen Hawking was a British scientist, professor and author who performed groundbreaking work in physics and cosmology, and whose books helped to make science accessible to everyone. At age... Stephen Hawking was a theoretical physicist and cosmologist best known for advancing theoretical models on black holes and cosmic inflation, which he discusses in his popular writing on time and space. Hawking's university education began in 1959, when, at age 17, he attended University College, Oxford, to study physics. British cosmologist Stephen William Hawking was born in Oxford, England on Jan. 8, 1942 — 300 years to the day after the death of the astronomer Galileo Galilei. He attended University College,... History Scientists and engineers Year 1 Year 2 This is Professor Stephen Hawking. He was one of the world's greatest scientists. He was born in Oxford in 1942. He was an expert in space and... Stephen Hawking, the world-famous theoretical physicist, has died at the age of 76. Hawking's children, Lucy, Robert and Tim said in a statement: "We are deeply saddened that our beloved... On 14 March 2018, Stephen Hawking passed away aged 76. Meet the inspirational British scientist in our Stephen Hawking facts.. Stephen Hawking facts Full name: Stephen William Hawking Born: 8 January 1942 Hometown: Oxford, England Occupation: Scientist Died: 14 March 2018 BBC Science Prof Stephen Hawking has died aged 76. The Cambridge theoretical physicist was one of the best-known scientists in the world, but what about his discoveries? Stephen Hawking was the most recognisable scientist of modern times. His life fascinated people for decades, culminating in an Oscar-winning portrayal of him in the film 'The Theory of Everything ... Stephen Hawking. Born: January 8, 1942 Oxford, England English scientist, physicist, and mathematician. British physicist and mathematician Stephen Hawking has made fundamental contributions to the science of cosmology — the study of the origins, structure, and space-time relationships of the universe.. Early life. Stephen William Hawking was born on January 8, 1942, in Oxford, England. Stephen Hawking, the British theoretical physicist who found a link between gravity and quantum theory, and who declared that black holes aren't really black at all, has died, a spokesperson... When all is said and done, Stephen Hawking was the arguably the most famous scientist alive in the modern era. His work in the field of astrophysics and quantum mechanics has led to a breakthrough ... Stephen Hawking, who has died aged 76, was Britain's most famous modern day scientist, a genius who dedicated his life to unlocking the secrets of the Universe. Born on January 8, 1942—300... Stephen Hawking was portrayed on TV and film by Benedict Cumberbatch and Eddie Redmayne. His most famous book - A Brief History of Time - has now shot to the top of the Amazon Best Sellers list. The physicist, who died Wednesday at age 76, wasn't expected to see his 25th birthday, after being diagnosed with the incurable neurodegenerative condition ALS at age 21. Though Hawking beat the... In addition, actor Eddie Redmayne won an Oscar for his portrayal of Hawking in The Theory of Everything. But despite his popularity, there's still a lot you might not know about him. 1. Doctors ... He was an average student in elementary school. Hawking didn't have the sort of sparkling early academic career you'd expect from a Grade-A genius. He claimed he didn't learn to properly read ... Stephen W. Hawking, the Cambridge University physicist and best-selling author who roamed the cosmos from a wheelchair, pondering the nature of gravity and the origin of the universe and... Stephen Hawking (January 8, 1942-March 14, 2018) was a world-renowned cosmologist and physicist, especially esteemed for overcoming an extreme physical disability to pursue his groundbreaking scientific work. He was a bestselling author whose books made complex ideas accessible to the general public. Lived 1942 - 2018. Stephen Hawking was a theoretical physicist and cosmologist, widely considered to be one of the greatest scientists of his time. He was the first scientist to devise a cosmology that married the general theory of relativity and quantum mechanics, and he made huge contributions to our understanding of black holes. Hawking Stephen Hawking was diagnosed with the disease amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) when he was a 21-year-old graduate student at Cambridge. The condition (also known as Lou Gehrig's disease ... Stephen Hawking was no stranger to asking and answering big questions throughout his life, but 20 years before his passing, he had turned his mind to arguably the most fundamental question: ... Stephen Hawking in 1984. Credit: CBC Hawking, who died in 2018, was famous not only for his widely read science books but for his work on the theories around black holes and relativity. Stephen William Hawking was a British physicist, born on 8th January 1942. He is considered the most brilliant theoretical physicist of all time. He revolutionized the field of physics through his work on the origin of the universe and the black hole explosion theory.