Original title: Boku no hîrô akademia TV Series 2016- TV-14 24m IMDb RATING 8.3 /10 72K YOUR RATING Rate POPULARITY 443 15 Play trailer 1:01 3 Videos 99+ Photos Animation Action Adventure A superhero-admiring boy without any powers enrolls in a prestigious hero academy and learns what it really means to be a hero. Stars Daiki Yamashita My Hero Academia ( 僕 ぼく のヒーローアカデミア Boku no Hīrō Akademia?) is a manga series serialized by Shonen Jump and written by Kohei Horikoshi. The series has been adapted into an anime series and three movies, as well as spawning the prequel series Vigilantes and spinoffs: School Briefs and Team-Up Missions . 2,261 Reviews Add To Watchlist Add to Crunchylist Izuku has dreamt of being a hero all his life—a lofty goal for anyone, but especially challenging for a kid with no superpowers. That's right,... Japanese: 僕のヒーローアカデミア More titles Information Type: TV Episodes: 13 Status: Finished Airing Aired: Apr 3, 2016 to Jun 26, 2016 Premiered: Spring 2016 Broadcast: Sundays at 17:00 (JST) Producers: Dentsu, Mainichi Broadcasting System, Movic, TOHO animation, Shueisha Licensors: Funimation Studios: Bones Source: Manga Genre: Action My Hero Academia ( Japanese: 僕のヒーローアカデミア, Hepburn: Boku no Hīrō Akademia) is a Japanese superhero manga series written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi. It has been serialized in Shueisha 's shōnen manga magazine Weekly Shōnen Jump since July 2014, with its chapters additionally collected into 38 tankōbon volumes as of June 2023. Read Boku no Hero Academia | The world's most popular manga! Read free or become a member. Start your free trial today! | My Hero Academia - Midoriya inherits the superpower of the world's greatest hero, but greatness won't come easy. Fantasy becomes reality! This is the story of how I became a great hero. My Hero Academia: Vigilantes, Vol. 14. The nightmare in Naruhata continues as Koichi goes toe-to-toe with Number 6, who has transformed into a horrific predator bent on ending the Crawler's life! When the situation gets a little too hot to handle, Koichi realizes this may be a job for real heroes. Until they arrive, though, the battle is up ... Start your free trial to watch My Hero Academia and other popular TV shows and movies including new releases, classics, Hulu Originals, and more. It's all on Hulu. Despite being born powerless into a super-powered world, Izuku refuses to give up on his dream of becoming a hero. He enrolls himself in a prestigious hero academy with a deadly ... My Hero Academia (Japanese: 僕のヒーローアカデミア, Hepburn: Boku no Hīrō Akademia) is a Japanese superhero manga series written and illustrated by Kōhei Horikoshi. It has been serialized in Weekly Shōnen Jump since July 2014, with its chapters additionally collected into 28 tankōbon volumes as of September 2020. My Hero Academia: World Heroes' Mission Original title: Boku no hîrô akademia THE MOVIE: Wârudo Hîrôzu Misshon 2021 PG-13 1h 41m IMDb RATING 7.1 /10 5K YOUR RATING Rate Play trailer 1:39 2 Videos 99+ Photos Animation Action Adventure ABJ Mark is a registered trademark (Registration No.10921042) Indicating that this e-book store / e-book distribution service is an authorized distribution service that gained permission to use content from the copyright holder. ... Download the app and read it anytime! Looking for information on the anime Boku no Hero Academia 6th Season (My Hero Academia Season 6)? Find out more with MyAnimeList, the world's most active online anime and manga community and database. With Tomura Shigaraki at its helm, the former Liberation Army is now known as the Paranormal Liberation Front. This organized criminal group poses an immense threat to the Hero Association, not ... 7 Masegaki Elementary 8 Pro Heroes 9 Villains 9.1 League of Villains 9.2 Meta Liberation Army 9.3 Paranormal Liberation Front 9.4 Villain Factory 9.5 Yakuza 10 Vigilantes 11 Police Force 12 Hero Public Safety Commission 13 One For All Users 14 Underground Masquerade 15 Civilians In Boku no Hero Academia, status is governed by "Quirks"—unique superpowers which develop in childhood. But, unfortunately, hero otaku Midoriya "Deku" Izuku never had a Quirk. That is, until he met All Might, the greatest hero of all time. Izuku's transformation from dreamer to superhero begins at Yuuei Academy, the top-ranked hero ... Looking for information on the anime Boku no Hero Academia 2nd Season (My Hero Academia Season 2)? Find out more with MyAnimeList, the world's most active online anime and manga community and database. At UA Academy, not even a violent attack can disrupt their most prestigious event: the school sports festival. Renowned across Japan, this festival is an opportunity for aspiring heroes to ... The fifth season of My Hero Academia anime television series was produced by Bones and directed by Kenji Nagasaki (chief director) and Masahiro Mukai, following the story of the original manga series from the 21st volume through the end of the 26th volume. The sixth season of My Hero Academia anime television series was produced by Bones and directed by Kenji Nagasaki (chief director) and Masahiro Mukai, following the story of the original manga series from the final chapter of the 26th volume through the end of the 33rd volume. My Hero Academia: World Heroes' Mission. My Hero Academia: World Heroes' Mission ( Japanese: 僕のヒーローアカデミア THE MOVIE ワールドヒーローズミッション, Hepburn: Boku no Hīrō Akademia Za Mūbī: Wārudo Hīrōzu Misshon) is a 2021 Japanese animated superhero film based on an original story featuring the characters ... Recap special Home video release Japanese Toho released the second season of the anime on DVD and Blu-ray in eight volumes in Japan, with the first volume being released on July 19, 2017, and the final volume being released on February 14, 2018. Looking for information on the anime Boku no Hero Academia (My Hero Academia)? Find out more with MyAnimeList, the world's most active online anime and manga community and database. The appearance of "quirks," newly discovered super powers, has been steadily increasing over the years, with 80 percent of humanity possessing various abilities from manipulation of elements to shapeshifting.